Handful of minor docs corrections (#7823)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/product-analytics/paths.mdx

## Getting started

### Creating a paths insight

> 1. Click 'Product Analytics' on the left sidebar
> 1. Click the '+ New Insights' tab
> 1. Select the 'User Paths' tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click [Product Analytics](https://us.posthog.com/insights) on the left sidebar
1. Click the **+ New Insights** tab
1. Select the ** User Paths** tab
```
